Queues Documentation (#225)
esmero/archipelago-documentation: docs/queuesexplainer.md

# Archipelago Processing Queues Explainer

Archipelago has multiple helpful background queues to help keep your repository workflows running smoothly. These different queues will be triggered based on different workflow events, such as one-off create/update/delete actions for digital objects, or batch ingests or updates through AMI or Find and Replace operations. 

!!! note "Important Note: Queues Automation"

>     The Secondary Background / Hydroponics Queue Manager runs independently from the primary Queue Manager. For the Secondary Background Hydroponics Queue Manager, as long as the option to 'Check to enabled Hydroponics Queue Background processing service wakeup during Drupal Cron' and a particular singular/set of Queue Actions are enabled, Archipelago will automatically run through these queues as configured, on a regular basis. 

Reviewer: Very helpful. Thanks!

- Directly at `/admin/config/archipelago/hydroponics` 

![Background Queue Processing Manager](images/hyroponics_queue_updated.png)

#### Current Hydroponics Service Status
- Used to check on the status of the Hydroponics Services
- If running, you will see a message such as "Hydroponics Service Is Running on PID 211, time passed since last seen 1"
- If there are not items in the different queues, you will see a message such as "Hydroponics Service Not running, time passed since last seen 814"
- Selecting the 'Refresh' button will run a real-time check and refresh the message displayed..

#### Checkbox to enable the Hydroponics Queue 
- The option to `Check to enabled Hydroponics Queue Background processing service wakeup during Drupal Cron.` is enabled by default in Archipelago.
- It is recommend to always leave Hydroponics enabled.

#### Time to live (stay awake) for the Hydroponics Service.*
- A value of 0 will force the Service to finish all pending queues before shutting down

#### Advanced settings

![Background Queue Processing Manager Advanced Settings](images/hyroponics_queue_advanced_settings.png)

> - If you are not running under under the esmero-php:7.x docker containers you need to provide the following settings. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you are not running Archipelago under the `esmero-php` docker containers (not common/advanced) you will need to provide the following settings.
```

- You will have the option to enter:
    1. The full system path to your composer vendor drush installation (including the actual drush php script).For a standard archipelago-deployment docker the right path is "/var/www/html/vendor/drush/drush/drush*
    2. A full system path we can use as $HOME directory for your webserver user. For a standard archipelago-deployment via Docker please DO NOT ADD this. For others the webserver user (e.g www-data) may need at least read permissions
- Recommended to leave the default settings

#### Allow Hydroponics to help with any of the following Search API Indexes
- This will enable you to determine the different Search API Indexes (holding Nodes/Strawberry Flavors) should Hydroponics contribute to.
- Checkbox for 'Drupal Content to Solr 9' is enabled by default

> - If your site has different Search API Indexes, they will be listed here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your site has different Search API Indexes, they will be listed here.
- Search Index operations under Hydroponics differ from queue operations. They do not run until indexing everything but will only contribute to indexing until a fixed available memory threshold is reached, continuing on a next Hydroponics wake-up cycle to avoid using resources needed for other tasks.
```
